[Music]
ten funny situations that show how much
the Internet has changed our lives
gadgets and technology play a part in
our lives but it literally is just a
part
don't ever succumb to panic real life is
definitely still out there despite the
huge effect that the Internet has to
modern life nevertheless it's funny to
think about the hundreds of little ways
it has changed our behavior you're a 10
of the ones we've noticed how many do
you recognize that's it you're going
home right now anyone who is born before
the Internet era remembers this phrase a
few dozen years ago kids ran home only
if their favorite TV show was about to
start these days it's almost impossible
to make them play outside the house well
sometimes they do go outside but only if
you allow them to take their gadgets
with them before the Internet era we
used to take a real camera with us on
our trips
that's us on the mountain that sauce
beating a giraffe that's us knew your
waterfall your friends would say wow
nice shots it seems you've had a great
time these days well this is the most
popular kind of photo on Instagram how
are your friends supposed to comment to
this hi Bob's legs you look great as
usual you can literally put someone
else's feet on your Instagram no one
will notice the difference
staying on the topic of photos here is
an ordinary situation from the good old
times did you pack the camera honey sure
hope there's enough film moving on to
these days did you pack the selfie stick
sure and I'm using it right now smile
years ago you had to call a newspaper to
place your ad to sell a car sometimes
you even had to visit their office then
potential buyers would keep calling you
to get the details day after day welcome
to today you just click click click on
Facebook and done here you go hey guys
I'm selling my car please share repost
as easy as pie is there anyone who has
never been in the next situation you go
to the bathroom lock the door ready to
spend some time alone and damn it bring
me some toilet paper you screamed so
desperately even the neighbors could
hear you what a shame but there is no
other way that time nowadays the problem
is solved a few clicks on your phone and
a toilet paper is delivered to you by
one of your family members just don't
forget to take your phone to the
bathroom who knows what else you might
need there now what did we usually do
when cooking went a bit wrong mom mom
can you help me these days it's more
like okay Google how do I make soup and
here you go
thousands of recipes thousands and
thousands however I still do prefer
calling my mom mom always knows better
than Google let's move on do guys these
days still flirt on the street years ago
they said something like hey does your
mom need a new son-in-law girls used to
roll their eyes but I swear each of them
secretly dreamed of being in a situation
like this just in order to roll their
eyes and proudly pass by these days you
hardly meet people in person anymore
instead you get personal messages
something like hey sweetie what's the
difference between you and a shining
star
you can still roll your eye but no one
would see it okay let's say that lucky I
got the girl they have a nice date and
suddenly the next situation pops up how
dare you you are staring at her look
away look away now
these days the worst accusation is you
liked her photo and you know what you
have to do next you'll spend the night
deleting all your likes you left four
other girls just kidding
now do you remember that pain of waiting
for the next episode of your favorite TV
show we had to wait for a week nowadays
you can download three seasons of your
favorite show altogether and binge on
them during the weekend
there's only one problem the next season
is not for another year now what do you
picture if I say the word pirate yeah
some brave man wearing a hat with a
sword and a parrot back in the day
pirates were chasing treasure all around
the world these days pirates look more
like this their treasure is free media
all over the internet and they don't
even have to leave their houses to get
it looking for an answer to some
question we used to dream
if only we had access to all the world's
knowledge but only books in a library
where our salvation back in the day
nowadays it's 3 a.m. you're supposed to
be up at 6 a.m. but you suddenly need to
know what celery dreams about yes it's
really important right now of course the
internet and Technology have changed our
lives in other ways as well share your
thoughts on this topic in the comments
below down don't forget to hit that
thumbs up button and if you're visiting
our channel for the first time click
Subscribe